the bottom pics both met in top so cop
had that option open left for his team
as they wanted to get that last counter
that they could from blue side I like
the balance here for teen flick finished
the Black Cleaver of cross but still
haunts our could slice down piglet with
that Sheen and phage damage it's going
to be teleporting Home Guard off or
diesel rabbit Oscar comes in this was
like he's not going for the Ottoman
should pretty much be able to have this
dominate not close enough super ultimate
goes off for the disengage here coming
from gravity Haunter definitely wants to
use that and I think that's all she
wrote about it bunny foo-foo goes down
with a nice actually didn't even get his
monsoon off huh no no warts for Hunter
to speak up oh no all T can't get the
last one boomerang hits again gotta pop
him off the move block does not actually
get to him he couldn't dash forward but
it looks like Han sir will still go down
the end the red buff really / chana
shove is not slowing
gravity knowing top could be pressure
now put quite a bit on the bottom turret
here yeah
very very slow early game Toby took to
what though could be a fight here it
looks like they are going to get out
alive tour it goes down on the top side
out of the mid lane so once again
gravity looking to trade a bit later it
but now they want to fight it on to
Phoenix gets blasted around he's going
to be able to throw down as zhonya's
buddy flashes over the wall nicely
didn't know if it was up from the other
night and gravity still wanted to kill
chaos storm raining down hell on gravity
and dominates over the wall no seeker to
take his prey out but the pic comes in
from all tech to take down dominate in a
tunneling mistake look up there's so
much gravity you actually don't even
have to focus to it first Phoenix is a
decent target oh they don't have eyes on
this one hunter comes in for the Home
Guard hmm oh yeah all himself out of
that one chaos storm is still following
gravity here it's gonna be moved that
gets stuck move taken down there was a
lich bane empowered cue from Phoenix on
that Victor and you can see the damage
just chunking down one of the more tanky
members of gravity oh you too luhley
zeroed out with the dissonance and the
rest of the damage assist as well going
to the team Phoenix not expecting that
egg day we want the inhibitor instead of
the fight who's with some all flash
flash okay the disengage instead of the
engage here from gravity honchos gonna
be going down the guy that they really
need to cause chaos in the fights 50
seconds on these death timers now
implement inna of disengaging hunter
though again he doesn't have flash
that's talisman of Ascension he has a
team though they have a special
unbreakable will very very language
still makes him look like a tasty target
he flashes over the tribe rush to safety
wass level 17 gets knocked back here and
looks like they may have enough to take
him down we've seen this before it gives
Tom Team Liquid time to catch up in the
fight it
that what happens this time though it
seems that it's worth and gravity or
chewing targets the sign is at the
perfect time keen still has his as well
to zhonya's in a bad situation now
they're able to focus on to dominate
that time of Phoenix pausing gave
gravity the time they needed to look at
their targets prioritize and snap down
onto the right ones taking down cross
and dominate and what we said we're
going to be this way it looks like this
you want to save it for Team fight this
is tough for quasi figured wasps would
almost want to be in the fight here
trying to get his knob are up on minions
with the team no flash this could be
difficult specials in on this one there
goes honcho to the backline that's kind
of paused in the fight their stalemate
trying to figure out what environment
they can take down a good hit coming in
there dominates very very low though as
they get a good amount of damage on the
Keen everybody's piled up into one spot
but ki storm cannot come out at the
right time they are able to start
shutting down team liquid a double kill
for piglet finds his mark but they are
still pushed back into their place great
Boomerang Blade coming in from all tech
as they get a finalizing fight to tie up
the kills and start to open up the base
a little bit more on the team like all
right two inhibitors down is gonna give
them so so much patrol dragon's back up
in five seconds and they just hold old
study yep gravity are content with the
situation though all they have to do is
just sit here and wait for the BP super
minutes to walk into the base there's an
ulti on the hunt as they
the team liquid is going to engage on
the fight they saw that cos was coming
in and figured something might happen
and now gravity is actually gonna go in
without the ultimate on their side the
inhibitor turret actually it does just
go down there able to fight under it now
and that's going to be dominate falling
as gravity kites backward nicely quass
trying to hold them off as Han sir has
already fallen in the bike but Team
Liquid slowly losing their face each
time they're not coming up with an
advantage on these engages cannot even
get in a special zero now and dunked by
altec as he comes into the engage that
could be in here liquid heading for
their phone for solace the Nexus turrets
have already fallen now 928 they finally
start turning things on the side of
gravity able to pinch down and suffocate
team liquid here in the late game
alright so that should be able to clean
it up here for gravity what a victory
that's going to move them up to try and
take that first pot yep make them look
really good 723 once they finish the
Nexus coming into this with six and
three the same as team liquid and they
do set themselves apart one last hit the
ball cannot make catches them on just
the end and gravity will have the 20 on
the summer split / team liquid
get these out of here I don't need these
headphones I don't eat these gravity
just looking stronger and stronger each
week came down again to the last two
pics for gravity they have champions
select the same way they weren't flex
fix this time but we still see them
going down that path using champion
select is something they can try to get
a lead and we see that time they didn't
and it was a much slower game especially
from Keene in that mid lane couldn't be
playing anything that was aggressive to
kill the Oriana was safe we saw how long
it took him to ramp up and didn't seem
worried though you didn't even he didn't
seem like inner teen was falling behind
they were just okay with what was
gravity showing a lot more versatility
you